README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

#### Configure your .env
```
cp .env.sample .env
# Populate values
source .env
```

#### Install the dependencies
You can install the dependencies with one of the following options:
```
npm install
```

#### Run the development server
You can run the development server manually with **Makefile** commands:
* `make run-dev`: Runs the development environment using npm.
* `make run-prod`: Builds the project and starts the production server using npm.
* `docker-build-dev`: Builds the development environment Docker image with specified configurations.
* `make docker-run-dev`: Runs the development environment using Docker, mapping the container port to 3000 and mounting necessary volumes.
* `make docker-build-prod`: Builds the production environment Docker image with specified build arguments.
* `make docker-run-prod`: Runs the production environment Docker container with specified configurations.
* `make docker-run-beta`: Runs the beta environment Docker container with specified configurations.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Conventions

### Branches

When creating a new branch, we must use the following convention:

- `feat/<<semantic description>>`: For new features
- `fix/<<semantic description>>`: For bux fixes
- `refact/<<semantic description>>`: For code refactoring
- `test/<<semantic description>>`: For new tests implementations
- `docs/<<semantic description>>`: For new documentation

### Commits

When adding a new commit to our branch, we must use the following convention (similar to branch creation):

- `feat: implementing new feature for ...` or `feat(<<context>>): implementing new feature for ...`
- `fix: fixing bug on ...` or `fix(<<context>>): fixing bug on ...`
- `refact: refactoring ... logic` or `refactor(<<context>>): refactoring ... logic`
- `test: implementing new tests for ...`
- `docs: "new method or new function" documentation`

> Credit Card IIN Ranges & Spacing Patterns information from: <https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/credit-card-patterns>

## Learn More

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README with prerequisites and Docker instructions
Added prerequisites and instructions for running the project with Docker and Makefile commands.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

To run the project locally, make sure you have the following installed:

- [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)

- [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)

#### Configure your .env
```
cp .env.sample .env
# Populate values
source .env
```

#### Install the dependencies
Even when running the project with Docker, it is recommended to install the dependencies locally so that the code editor can properly resolve imports, formatting rules, and linting configuration:
```
npm install
```
#### Run the development server
You can run the project using Makefile commands.
```
make docker-build-dev
make docker-run-dev
```
Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the result.

#### Running without Docker (not recommended)
If you prefer not to use Docker, you can run the project directly with npm.
```
npm run dev
```

#### Available Make commands
You can run the development server manually with **Makefile** commands:
* `make run-dev`: Runs the development environment using npm.
* `make run-prod`: Builds the project and starts the production server using npm.
* `make docker-run-dev`: Runs the development environment using Docker, mapping the container port to 3000 and mounting necessary volumes.
* `make docker-build-prod`: Builds the production environment Docker image with specified build arguments.
* `make docker-run-prod`: Runs the production environment Docker container with specified configurations.
* `make docker-run-beta`: Runs the beta environment Docker container with specified configurations.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Conventions

### Branches

When creating a new branch, we must use the following convention:

- `feat/<<semantic description>>`: For new features
- `fix/<<semantic description>>`: For bux fixes
- `refact/<<semantic description>>`: For code refactoring
- `test/<<semantic description>>`: For new tests implementations
- `docs/<<semantic description>>`: For new documentation

### Commits

When adding a new commit to our branch, we must use the following convention (similar to branch creation):

- `feat: implementing new feature for ...` or `feat(<<context>>): implementing new feature for ...`
- `fix: fixing bug on ...` or `fix(<<context>>): fixing bug on ...`
- `refact: refactoring ... logic` or `refactor(<<context>>): refactoring ... logic`
- `test: implementing new tests for ...`
- `docs: "new method or new function" documentation`

> Credit Card IIN Ranges & Spacing Patterns information from: <https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/credit-card-patterns>

## Learn More

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
